README.md, before:

simple_php_yenc_decode
======================

Basic yEnc decoder extension for PHP5 written in c++ using swig.

### Intro:

The intention of this extension is to be used with nZEDb for decoding
partial yEnc articles from usenet, where the yEnc checks are not needed.

If the method fails or if the string is not yEnc, an empty string is returned.

Boost regex is used, because gcc and g++'s regex are not working until 4.9 (currently 4.7/4.8 are the popular versions).

### Requirements:

Boost regex is required for compiling (1.53, 1.54, 1.55 tested).

On ubuntu:

libboost-regex-dev
(depends on libboost-regex and libboost-dev)

### Compilation:

On Ubuntu you can run sh ubuntu.sh

On Arch Linux, sh arch.sh

For other operating systems you can follow these instructions:

Swig is not required, since I offer the swig output files with the source, but
if you want to create the swig output files, I used swig 2.0, this was the command:

`swig -php -c++ yenc_decode.i`

For the rest, only boost regex is required, my g++ is 4.8.2 for reference and boost regex is 1.55 (successful on 1.53 and 1.54):

``g++ `php-config5 --includes` -fpic -c yenc_decode_wrap.cpp``

`g++ -fpic -c yenc_decode.cpp -lboost_regex`

Change this last line based on your OS (.dll instead of .so for windows for example).

`g++ -shared *.o -o simple_php_yenc_decode.so -lboost_regex`

---
If you get this error:  
``/usr/bin/ld: yenc_decode_wrap.o: relocation R_X86_64_32S against `.rodata' can not be used when making a shared object; recompile with -fPIC``

Run this command:  
`export CXX=”g++ -fPIC”`

And rerun the 3 compilation commands above.

### Installation:

After compiling you end up with a .so or .dll file.

My php.ini didn't have a default "extensions" dir,

I created a extensions folder in /usr/lib/php5 and put the so file in there.

The location does not matter - I'm mentioning it so you can have an example of a place to put the extension.

Next you need to edit php.ini, the CLI one, since we only use yEnc decoding in CLI on nZEDb.

On ubuntu the CLI php.ini is here: /etc/php5/cli/php.ini

In the Dynamic Extensions part of the ini, add the extension:

(At this point you have 2 choices, you can set the default location where extensions are loaded
to the folder we created above, or you can load the full path to the extension.)

This is the full path (if you did not set the default extension path):

extension=/usr/lib/php5/extensions/simple_php_yenc_decode.so

If you set the default extension path:

extension=simple_php_yenc_decode.so

### Example:

The example (test.php) checks if you have the extension loaded, then it tries to decode
the file called yEnc.zip.yEnc which is a zip file encoded with yEnc, the zip contains a wikipedia HTML page,
you can extract the zip and run this HTML page in a browser if you want to see if it is successful.

Commit message:

fixing ubuntu.sh for ppa 5.6 version (hardcoded)

README.md, after:

simple_php_yenc_decode
======================

NOTE: this fork is intended to correct the ubuntu.sh script if you plan on
installing php 5.6 via ppa:ondrej/php

Basic yEnc decoder extension for PHP5 written in c++ using swig.

### Intro:

The intention of this extension is to be used with nZEDb for decoding
partial yEnc articles from usenet, where the yEnc checks are not needed.

If the method fails or if the string is not yEnc, an empty string is returned.

Boost regex is used, because gcc and g++'s regex are not working until 4.9 (currently 4.7/4.8 are the popular versions).

### Requirements:

Boost regex is required for compiling (1.53, 1.54, 1.55 tested).

On ubuntu:

libboost-regex-dev
(depends on libboost-regex and libboost-dev)

### Compilation:

On Ubuntu you can run sh ubuntu.sh

On Arch Linux, sh arch.sh

For other operating systems you can follow these instructions:

Swig is not required, since I offer the swig output files with the source, but
if you want to create the swig output files, I used swig 2.0, this was the command:

`swig -php -c++ yenc_decode.i`

For the rest, only boost regex is required, my g++ is 4.8.2 for reference and boost regex is 1.55 (successful on 1.53 and 1.54):

``g++ `php-config5 --includes` -fpic -c yenc_decode_wrap.cpp``

`g++ -fpic -c yenc_decode.cpp -lboost_regex`

Change this last line based on your OS (.dll instead of .so for windows for example).

`g++ -shared *.o -o simple_php_yenc_decode.so -lboost_regex`

---
If you get this error:  
``/usr/bin/ld: yenc_decode_wrap.o: relocation R_X86_64_32S against `.rodata' can not be used when making a shared object; recompile with -fPIC``

Run this command:  
`export CXX=”g++ -fPIC”`

And rerun the 3 compilation commands above.

### Installation:

After compiling you end up with a .so or .dll file.

My php.ini didn't have a default "extensions" dir,

I created a extensions folder in /usr/lib/php5 and put the so file in there.

The location does not matter - I'm mentioning it so you can have an example of a place to put the extension.

Next you need to edit php.ini, the CLI one, since we only use yEnc decoding in CLI on nZEDb.

On ubuntu the CLI php.ini is here: /etc/php5/cli/php.ini

In the Dynamic Extensions part of the ini, add the extension:

(At this point you have 2 choices, you can set the default location where extensions are loaded
to the folder we created above, or you can load the full path to the extension.)

This is the full path (if you did not set the default extension path):

extension=/usr/lib/php5/extensions/simple_php_yenc_decode.so

If you set the default extension path:

extension=simple_php_yenc_decode.so

### Example:

The example (test.php) checks if you have the extension loaded, then it tries to decode
the file called yEnc.zip.yEnc which is a zip file encoded with yEnc, the zip contains a wikipedia HTML page,
you can extract the zip and run this HTML page in a browser if you want to see if it is successful.
